h2. Development page & Debugger
----------------------------------------------------------------

version: _v0.1.2_^(beta)^ 

* Gives you a save rapid prototyping environment  
* Helps you adding the right blueprint classes 

Does _only_ work in browser newer than... 
* Firefox 1.0
* Opera 7.0
* Konquerer 3.4
* Safari 1.2
...and won't work in IE due to missing support for +outline+


h3. Credits
----------------------------------------------------------------

_author:_ Created by Franz Josef Kaiser "say hello code!":http://say-hello-code.com


h3. Usage
----------------------------------------------------------------

# Adjust the <head> of your dev environment page to your needs:
# Uncomment the plugins you want to use in your page.
## _optional_ only needed for the mailing list: describe your goals, trials & errors in the head container.

# Add your basic html structure (div, h1-h6, p, span, a).
# Add some "lorem ipsum" dummy text and sample imgs to your html (search for lorem ipsum, there are lots of resources). 
# Add your blueprint classes to the structure.
# Uncomment the css/html debugger plugin in the head.
# Open the sample in your browser.
## _optional_ if you see elements outlined, you've forgotten declarations or added not matching classes. In this case take a look at the head of the debugger plugin to check color codes & find out what exactly went wrong (it's easy).

## Basic structure: _*done*_

# Now you can add your own styles in a separate stylesheet to the <head> section and develop further. 


h4. Changelog
----------------------------------------------------------------

_v0.1 (alpha)_ 
* first version
** a basic html page structure
** debugger offers outlining of classical misstakes
 
_v0.1 (beta)_
* debugger now offers help for missing declarations
** dev page reworked to split between description & content

_v01.1 (beta)_
* bugfix: colborder & border were missing dot in front of class

_v01.2 (beta)_
* switched to textile mark-up file for readme to inherit bp core
 